Add write ups about device commissioning (#463)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/workflows/device-commissioning.mdx

# Device Commissioning Workflow

Whether designing Internet of Things applications for a residential market or for a large-scale data center, you will always encounter the device commissioning workflow — the steps users need to take to connect their device to your system.

The journey starts from unboxing, but we will focus on the digital experience from setting up the environment to the initial parameter configuration.

<TOC
    anchors={[
        { title: 'Introduction', hash: '#device-commissioning-workflow' },
        { title: 'Steps', hash: '#steps' },
        { title: 'Design Variations', hash: '#design-variations' },
        { title: 'Design Tricks', hash: '#design-tricks' },
    ]}
/>

<Divider />

# Steps

## Setting Up Devices One-by-One

When setting up devices, your workflow is often composed of the following two phases:

-   **Device search**, from preparing the device to be searchable to confirm the targeted device
-   **Device configuration**, setting device parameters such as names, locations, etc.

### Device Search

The search phase consists of the following steps. Not all the steps are required — you may adjust these depending on your project need.

> -   Ready the device: contains instruction text, [images, and animations](/style/illustrations) to ensure that the device is discoverable. These instructions can be: move close, shut off other devices, look for a specific button to turn the device on, keep the device well lit so that it is easy to scan QR code, etc.

Author: I so hate English commas

### Expertise of Users

The design should be tuned to fit the need of different personas. They can be non-technical users, operations / analysts, your client's engineers, your own company's engineers, or site managers. Consumer applications would demand more instructions (in texts, images, animations, or even AR) and more breaking down in the steps. At the same time, technicians generally desire more efficiency in the setup process.

### Platform

If a user is doing the device commissioning from mobile phones and tablets, they will have the advantage of a phone camera which can be helpful for scanning QR codes. Other technologies like "BlinkUp" allow device sensors to receive data via your phone's screen blinking. Mobile phones are easier to carry around and can make your physical location less messy, especially if users have instruction manuals and wires flying around everywhere.

On the other hand, computers are better for precise configuration and can process many device details simultaneously due to their superior computing power. The screen size is larger, meaning that you can fit more information and interactions in one screen.

# Design Tricks

> ## Do not force your users to make decisions on the first go.

Reviewer: Don't put periods at the end of a section heading (feels weird even though they are a complete sentence)

If your user does not specify where a device is physically located, will that stop your dashboard from working? Or is it safe to list this device as "locations unspecified" for a while, let the user know that they can skip these settings for now and come back in the future?

> ## The technician who set it up may not be the final user.
> 
> Often, users would invite technicians to come to their home or company and set up the system for them, and later on, the technician would pass the admin right to the user. Sometimes this necessitates a "handoff" experience at the end of your workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The person doing configuration may not be the final user.

Often, users may invite experts to come to their home or company to set up the system for them or devices may come preconfigured from the factory. This may require some type of credential hand-off experience at the end of your workflow.
```

> ## Do not force them to create an account until the need comes up.
> 
> Accounts are often used to control the device from anywhere (web, phone, device's HMI) or manage access for different people. However, not all of these functionalities are necessary during an initial device setup. You should only prompt your users to create the account when they actually need it, rather than making the onboarding process burdensome.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Do not force them to create an account until needed

Accounts are often used to control the device from anywhere (web, phone, device's HMI) or manage access for different people. However, not all of these functionalities are necessary during an initial device setup. You should only prompt your users to create the account when they actually need it, rather than adding yet another step to the commissioning process.

```

## Devices can lose connection halfway through the process.

> You should never take for granted your devices will stay connected through the entire process. If there is a network "hiccup," how do you vent users' frustration? Would your application wait & retry in the background, pause the process, or abort the entire workflow?

Author: A lot more professional 🙈

## It can take a long time before a device responds.

> The transmission between IoT devices can take two minutes for jumping between nodes. When your user taps on a button but doesn't see their thermostats working, how would you communicate this latency?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data transmission between devices and applications can be slow. How do you communicate this to your user if they are expecting immediate results after clicking a button in your application?
```

## When a device is installed, its firmware might already be outdated.

> There is usually a time gap between when a device is boxed in the factory and when that device gets unboxed by your user. By the time the user plugs it in, your device's firmware might need a firmware upgrade.
> 
> Tell your user how long the upgrade might take and whether this will impact the setup process. If the upgrade is non-interruptive, you can have the process running in the background while users are doing the configuration and return to it after they are finished with everything else.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is usually a time gap between when a device is manufactured and packaged in the factory and when that device gets unboxed by your user. By the time the user plugs it in, your device's firmware might need a firmware upgrade.

Tell your user how long the upgrade might take and whether this will impact the setup process. If the upgrade is non-interruptive, you can have the process running in the background while users are doing the configuration and return to it after they are finished with everything else.

```

## Answer users' questions where they are asked.

> Your users might run into different problems while using the application, and your application should be able to help them troubleshoot before things get out of control. For example, the application expects that the internet connection indicator light is blinking, but your user doesn't see it happening, what can they do to rescue the situation? Do they need to call your company right away, restart their router, or simply move the device closer to the WiFi connection? Often, this can be tackled with a simple "Having trouble?" button on the screen that can help the user self-diagnose the issue.
> 
> You should also include tooltips for technical jargon for non-technical or inexperienced users to help them with the basic concept. Your tooltips should not be longer than what a first-time user would need. You may include a link to an external documentation place if the more technical users would like to understand more technical details.
> 
> If your configuration includes multiple steps running in the background, articulate the step names would help your users troubleshoot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your users might encounter different problems while using your application. The application should be able to help them troubleshoot in the moment. For example, if the application says that an indicator light should be blinking but it isn't, how can you help the user proceed? Do they need to call your company right away, restart their router, or simply move the device closer to the WiFi connection? Often, this can be tackled with a simple "Having trouble?" button on the screen that can help the user self-diagnose common issues.

You should also avoid using technical jargon whenever possible and provide tooltips for any terms that users may not understand. Your tooltips should not be longer than what a first-time user would need. You may include a link to external documentation if you think technical users could benefit from more detailed information.

If your configuration includes multiple steps running in the background, articulate the step names would help your users troubleshoot.
```

-   **Select the device type**: if there could be multiple discoverable devices, you may wish to allow your user to narrow down the options prior to discovery. This is also an important step if different devices have different steps and protocols for connecting and / or configuring.
-   **Identify the target device**: If multiple devices are discovered, provide the user a way to choose the target device from the list. To assist with identification (particularly if devices are not readily identifiable by their name or id), you can implement an indicator light to help the user locate the target device.
-   **Confirm device selection**: have the user confirm that this is the device they are looking for. On this screen, you would show device details (serial number, address, model, etc.) for the user to double-check their selection.

> -   **Confirm device's functionality**: To verify that the device is working correctly before entering the configuration phase, you may wish to give the user the ability to test the functionality. For example, you could give them the option to turn on or off a light bulb or allow them to press a button on the device and see some status change in the application.

Reviewer 2: Can we get some consistency on capitalization for each bullet point after the `**blah blah**:`. Some are capitalized and some aren't... not sure which one is appropriate, but it should be consistent.
